hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be showing you what I got for my
birthday 2017 I'm going to begin I just
want to accentuate the fact that I'm not
trying to show off in making this video
I'm making it because I want a lot of
requests from you to make this video and
so please don't eat that on trade show
off because I promise you I'm not thank
you to everyone who wished me a happy
birthday because I got so many lovely
messages on Instagram and I really
appreciate it and actually if you want
to see what I did on my actual birthday
I did a study with me on my birthday
video so I'm going to start with the
books that I got I asked my grandparents
for a series of books and they'll start
machine disease so I got the mystery of
the drool demas by Katherine would find
mystery and mayhem twelve deliciously
intriguing mysteries my name is victoria
by lucy watery cold case christianity
and by warner wallace and my RS teacher
actually told us about this theologian
and i looking really interested in his
work and i realized he had a book so I
asked her to my birthday they also got
me to Neil Gaiman book which is Neil
Gaiman as one of my favorite authors so
I got Neverwhere and American Gods and
then from my parents I got another Neil
Gaiman book which is actually a picture
book and this is wolves in the wall
where Paris also got me out of Green
Gables because I never read this when I
was little I bought miracles from heaven
which I've been wanting to read for the
longest time time and conditions by
ascender max turn Graham which is life
involves boiling school 1939 to 1979 and
I think this looks really interesting
it's been on my reading list for ages so
I was really excited to receive it and
the last that I receive is this circle
because of course Anna Watson is
starring in the new film adaptation so I
had to read it first then my friend
Becky gave me this book of Spanish short
story a good read study Spanish and this
is such a thoughtful gift and I really
loved it my sister martha got me it's
not really a book and it's a merdeen and
which is basically a combination of
pictures of moon then these last few
things aren't actually books but my
friend in dear
it gave me here are these really
beautiful bookmarks now I will go on to
close all of these clothes are from my
parents first shirt is from Jonny Bowden
and it strikes with a little hearty
babies on it then I received a dress
from Jules which is this really pretty
yellow dress and it's really really
comfortable and warm then from joining
version again I received this really
pretty
Victorian cell top and this is quickly
become a favorite then I received
another Jules dress kind of a periwinkle
blue I'm so excited about this
I received a Harry Potter person jour
and cardigan from the native film so I
can do cosplays remaining from the third
film and after and additionally I really
love just wearing this around the house
and out because it's really really warm
then I received this pair of Converse
shoes and I also received this brown
satchel which was bringing my main
presence then my sister actually did get
me one piece of clothing and it is this
really lovely join Boden paly shirt
so now let's move onto stationery so
first of all for my parents I receive
this set of Kiki cares resold for my
planet and this is the write more text
mastering I also received two pens in
kekeke a I also got this bottle all
scented ink it's it's green ink and it
smells like apples I got this favor
coffee pen set and you can use it to
make a palm tree and the last stationery
book from my parents is probably my
favorite gift that I received on my
birthday which is this stamp which says
from the desk is Ruby so that you can
put it at the top of your letters
instead of getting personalized paper on
the topic of stamps my friend and Darrin
got me with that or typewriter stamps
individual letters that came with two
ink pads opening on it so often and
you're also got me this daily journal
which is perfect for timing as a
timetable a to-do list and note section
and thank you so much in here then from
my great aunt and uncle I received this
set of paper a sticky note and I also
three left rating set the notice
butterfly one the floral one and this
one which is my favorite it's just a
really nice pink and gold pattern then
some some really close family friends
and Mortimer's and I receive this type
of kekeke a coloring pencils and also
the paper lovers book which i absolutely
adore it is amazing it's got loads of
cut out so that you can decorate your
channel my sister bought me this page
case raindrops photo album then my
auntie and uncle gave me this page case
notepad and this is so pretty it I love
the color of the pages and then there's
a lovely glittery owl on the front and
then my friend Eloise gave me this page
chase mist book with a loads of sticky
note and carelessness I'd and I've been
using this so much
next I'm going to go on to beauty
assault I got some hair chalk and dry
shampoo for my parents my sister gave me
this yellow nail varnish she also gave
me this warm winter punch hombre which
smells just like Christmas she obviously
knows me well because I love autumn and
winter and all sense associated she got
me one other perfume which is the Ted
Baker Lila and this is really perfect
for spring and what I love warm shimmery
sense I also like to spring sweet scent
then my friend Elise bought me this Lee
octene rose scented hand cream and she
also got me a matching soap but I've
ready used it up on my phone back he
actually got me a soap as well which
again I'm really used up another set of
our really close family friends so I
received this really gorgeous page
cheese candle and I love this because
it's really Edwardian they also got me a
set of bath bombs then I received a
piece of jewelry and this is from my
friend Indira
again and it is this love heart and on
it it says this girl card from my aunty
uncle and cousins I received lots and
lots of hello
I received 16 of these massive heads
lastly I'm going to show you be enormous
mania site
that I received so the first thing is
the Amazon echo dot this is a massive
surprise I really wasn't expecting to
receive it if it only gets noisy you can
ask a laksa to play some music you can
also ask for a flash news briefing we
just told you my favorite feature then
my parents brought me this lego city you
mail sending set because my mum knows
how much I love to send letters my mum
also booking this fidget cube then my
sister bought me this really cool Harry
Potter mug which actually changes color
when you put hot water in it so then
from red grandparents my other
grandparents the first thing I see is
this mini iron travel iron and this is
really useful for is one of my shirts is
creased I were to iron it really quickly
in the morning and also frustrating at
my bedspread so that it's especially
neat and they also got me two ginormous
stage lights which I made using for my
videos and I have you some in a few of
my videos so far are usually my desk for
actually then from my aunty uncle and
cousins they gave me this keyboard it's
Bluetooth one I can connect it to my
phone or my iPad women are traveling
down from my friend Ruby who you have
probably seen in a few of my videos she
gave me this coca-cola coaster that says
frenita light she also sent me this
Lumina and some songs because of course
Beauty and the Beast is the most
incredible film to ever grace British
cinema and lastly she brought me this
gorgeous paper case I heard about
friends I know because we both really
love that and inside she put a
photograph of us both then I look - very
miscellaneous gifts for my parents so
the first thing that they got me was I
think it was 16 or 18 cans of this
sparkling cranberry Homer
juice which is probably when my favorite
drinks and I haven't had it for about
ten years also and this is even
strangers in the last IRC use 200
vegetable sausages and they came in
these four massive boxes and now they
are filling up the whole of our freezer
they sell
at this really lovely breakfast place in
Devon that we'd go to and my dad
surprised me with them and then the very
last thing I am so excited about my dad
managed to get tickets to go and see
Harry Potter and the Carter child in
2018 and I am so excited I feel so
grateful that I'm going to be able to go
so thank you for watching I hope that
you enjoyed and please remember that I'm
not trying to show off I am so grateful
for everything I receive so thank you
for watching and have productively
you